>> Kyle: Exercise two calls for you to do
the exact same thing as we did in exercise
one, except now we're gonna use thunks,
okay?
So if you open up the Read Me in the EX2,
we have the exact same set up.
Should look the same to you.
No complexities different.
But it is this line right here,
line 23 in my code.
That's the one I want to
call your attention to.
The getFile function is
your thunk constructor.
GetFile needs to produce a thunk.
The question is, should your thunk be
lazy, or should your thunk be active?
If your thunk is lazy,
are we going to be asking for
files in parallel the way we want to or
not?
If your thunk is active,
will be asking for them in parallel?
Okay, so first task,
figure out how to make the thunk.
And second task, which you may actually
want to do these in reverse order,
is figure out how am I going to use
those things to sequence their outputs?
So I'll give you five.
Let's call it eight minutes to
play around with the stunt.
Remember we're not using
any libraries here,
we're just simply using the notions of
function in closure in a different way.
You're not gonna need any
global variables here.
So if you go down the route you did in
exercise one, you're doing it too hard.
We'll see what you come up with.
>> Speaker 2: Quick question.
They're asking if you go over slide 40.
>> Kyle: I did go over slide 40.
>> Speaker 2: Again, but
did you review it?
>> Kyle: Yes I did review.
>> Speaker 2: Okay sorry.
>> Kyle: I can review it one more time.
The function created in line
seven is hard coded to know
that the addAsync function
is what it's going to call.
And it also knows two of the three
things that it's gonna pass in.
It knows that it's going
to pass in a ten and a 15,
but it doesn't know what
callback it's going to pass in.
So it's hard coded to know addAsync and
ten and 15, and it's waiting for
callback to be parameterized.
We parameterize that call back on line 11.
We passed in a call back to that thunk.
That is what invokes the addAsync
function with ten, 15, and
the callback we passed in.
Line two sets up a timeout,
and after a thousand milliseconds
it calls the callback passed in.
Passing in the values that are at
the addition of ten and 15,
which is the value 25.
Which then comes back to line 11,
the parameter sum has the value of 25.